README.rst, before:

Server Auto Utils (Game Server Automation Utilities)
====================================================
- A collection of instuctions and Python Scripts to automate the management of game servers hosted on Oracle Cloud.
- Automatically stops, backs up, and restarts the server daily. Also uploads backups to Google Drive.
- Logs are kept for all actions.

Important Note regarding Backups
--------------------------------
Google has recently announced that, starting **April 15 2025** for new Service Accounts:

- New service accounts will not be able to own any Drive items.
- At this time, Google Workspace will maintain access to the My Drive of pre-existing service accounts to allow customers to keep existing internal workflows and services that rely on this storage without needing to migrate to other methods for automatic item creation.
- To be able to upload items to Drive with service accounts created after April 15, 2025: 
   
  1. Upload items to Shared Drives
  2. Set up OAuth consent to upload items on behalf of a human user
  3. Use impersonation via domain wide delegation

As such, the backup section only applies to legacy service accounts. Google is a fickle one...
If you wish to continue without backing up, set all ["instances"]["instance_details"]["backup"]["do"] keys to false.

About
-----
| A few years ago, I heard of a `way <https://blogs.oracle.com/developers/post/how-to-set-up-and-run-a-really-powerful-free-minecraft-server-in-the-cloud>`_ to host a powerful Minecraft server on Oracle Cloud for free.
| It worked, so to support the server I also quickly created a bunch of Bash scripts to automate the management of the server, particularly routine backups and reboots.
|
| Unfortunately, after a month or so, the instance was forcibly shut down (read more about it `here <https://github.com/maximus-lee-678/server-auto-utils/blob/main/installation_instructions/2_oci_account.rst#22-pay-as-you-go-payg>`_).
| After that, I didn't have the time to set up the server again.
| Until about 2 and a half years later!
|
| Revisiting the scripts, I realised that they don't work anymore due to changes in how Google Drive API works.
| This in addition to how messy the scripts were prompted me to rewrite the scripts.
| Since there was going to be a full rewrite, I decided to use Python instead of Bash since there's a Google Drive API library for Python.
|
| Additionally, I decided to make the scripts more general so that they can be used for other game servers as well. 
| As of writing, I've tested it with:

- Minecraft
- Terraria

To anyone reading this, I hope you find this useful! ♪(´▽｀)

How-to
------
- Download the latest release from the `Releases <https://github.com/maximus-lee-678/server-auto-utils/releases>`_ tab.
- Follow the instructions in the `installation_instructions <https://github.com/maximus-lee-678/server-auto-utils/tree/main/installation_instructions>`_ directory.

  - Full disclaimer, there is quite a lot to read. ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)

Special Thanks
--------------
- `Oracle Cloud <https://www.oracle.com/cloud/>`_ - Always Free Server
- `gdrive2 <https://github.com/prasmussen/gdrive>`_ - Original Google Drive API Binary
- `PyDrive2 <https://pypi.org/project/PyDrive2/>`_ - Google Drive API Python Library
- `PuTTY <https://www.putty.org>`_ - SSH client
- `WinSCP <https://winscp.net/eng/index.php>`_ - SFTP client

Commit message:

Updated backup to separate cloud from local backup

README.rst, after:

Server Auto Utils (Game Server Automation Utilities)
====================================================
- A collection of instuctions and Python Scripts to automate the management of game servers hosted on Oracle Cloud.
- Automatically stops, backs up, and restarts the server daily. Also uploads backups to Google Drive.
- Logs are kept for all actions.

Important Note regarding Backups
--------------------------------
Google has recently announced that starting **April 15 2025** for new Service Accounts:

- New service accounts will not be able to own any Drive items.
- At this time, Google Workspace will maintain access to the My Drive of pre-existing service accounts to allow customers to keep existing internal workflows and services that rely on this storage without needing to migrate to other methods for automatic item creation.
- To be able to upload items to Drive with service accounts created after April 15, 2025: 
   
  1. Upload items to Shared Drives
  2. Set up OAuth consent to upload items on behalf of a human user
  3. Use impersonation via domain wide delegation

| As such, the backup section only applies to legacy service accounts. Google is a fickle one...
| If you wish to continue without backing up to the cloud, set service_account_json_name to null in env.json.
| 
About
-----
| A few years ago, I heard of a `way <https://blogs.oracle.com/developers/post/how-to-set-up-and-run-a-really-powerful-free-minecraft-server-in-the-cloud>`_ to host a powerful Minecraft server on Oracle Cloud for free.
| It worked, so to support the server I also quickly created a bunch of Bash scripts to automate the management of the server, particularly routine backups and reboots.
|
| Unfortunately, after a month or so, the instance was forcibly shut down (read more about it `here <https://github.com/maximus-lee-678/server-auto-utils/blob/main/installation_instructions/2_oci_account.rst#22-pay-as-you-go-payg>`_).
| After that, I didn't have the time to set up the server again.
| Until about 2 and a half years later!
|
| Revisiting the scripts, I realised that they don't work anymore due to changes in how Google Drive API works.
| This in addition to how messy the scripts were prompted me to rewrite the scripts.
| Since there was going to be a full rewrite, I decided to use Python instead of Bash since there's a Google Drive API library for Python.
|
| Additionally, I decided to make the scripts more general so that they can be used for other game servers as well. 
| As of writing, I've tested it with:
|
- Minecraft
- Terraria

To anyone reading this, I hope you find this useful! ♪(´▽｀)

How-to
------
- Download the latest release from the `Releases <https://github.com/maximus-lee-678/server-auto-utils/releases>`_ tab.
- Follow the instructions in the `installation_instructions <https://github.com/maximus-lee-678/server-auto-utils/tree/main/installation_instructions>`_ directory.

  - Full disclaimer, there is quite a lot to read. ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)

Special Thanks
--------------
- `Oracle Cloud <https://www.oracle.com/cloud/>`_ - Always Free Server
- `gdrive2 <https://github.com/prasmussen/gdrive>`_ - Original Google Drive API Binary
- `PyDrive2 <https://pypi.org/project/PyDrive2/>`_ - Google Drive API Python Library
- `PuTTY <https://www.putty.org>`_ - SSH client
- `WinSCP <https://winscp.net/eng/index.php>`_ - SFTP client
